hey guys welcome back to HDTV handmade
as you probably know by now the other
handmade ladies and I were all inspired
to create projects based on Paper Towns
which was a really great read and the
movie is coming out later this summer so
I'm very excited for that but right now
I want to share with you a piece of wall
art that I created inspired by one of my
favorite quotes in the whole novel which
was the town it was paper but the
memories were not I just think that
quote sums up the entire story so well
so let's get started with the project
for this project you will need a
rectangular picture frame newspaper
glittery cardstock glue and double sided
tape scissors a pencil and a sheet of
letter stickers first trace the
buildings onto a sheet of newspaper I'm
using a marker here so that you can see
what I'm doing on camera but you'll
actually want to use a pencil so that
your buildings don't have black edges
I'm switching up the heights and the
shapes of my buildings as I go and I'm
also making sure to only make buildings
out of text not pictures this isn't
essential but I think that it makes the
final piece of art look much more
cohesive once you have several buildings
cut them out again I'm cutting off any
pieces that don't have text
this is the picture frame backing I'm
using it to determine how much cardstock
I'll need for the background I used four
sheets of eight-and-a-half by 11 inch
cardstock there's a lot of overlap but
these lines will be hidden by the end of
the project just glue all four pieces of
cardstock together
I'm not gluing these down to the picture
frame backing
now it's time to lay down all of the
buildings I tried to alternate between
different heights and shapes and as you
can see I'm using the buildings to cover
up that weird line where the two pieces
of cardstock meet I started with 10
buildings but this left a little gap at
the end so I replaced one of them with a
slightly wider building once you're
happy with your cityscape it's time to
attach it to the card stock and for this
I used double sided tape please do not
use glue for this part it'll bleed right
through and you won't like the result
the double sided tape is not ideal for
attaching the newspaper to glitter card
stock but because we're going to place
glass on top of this later everything
will be held in securely it's also good
because it allows you to reposition any
buildings if necessary I had to use glue
for the spire on top of this building
because it was too thin for a double
sided tape at this point I placed the
frame on top without the glass just so
that I could see my borders for this
next step which is placing the letters
you don't want to place the letters so
close to the edge that they get covered
you also want to use ruler to act as a
guide the quote I'm using is the town
newspaper but the memories were not I'm
using white letters for the majority of
the quote and silver letters for the
word memories because I want that to
stand out the sticker sheet even came
with quotation marks so I'm using those
as well
I kept changing my mind about the
placement of the letters so I actually
changed the first part of the quote so
that the left and right sides were both
on two lines I also decided to add star
stickers
now press the glass to the wall art I
had to address one of the buildings at
the last minute but after this I flipped
the wall art over and placed it into the
frame
my least favorite part is bending these
prongs back into place but that's the
final step
and that's all there is to it
have you guys read Paper Towns are you
gonna go see the movie let me know in a
comment down below and don't forget to
Like and subscribe and as always I'll
see you next week with a new video bye
guys